Revise Contact Item List (#93)
jellyfin/jellyfin-blog: content/contact/_index.md

- [#jellyfin-dev-client](ircs://chat.freenode.net:6697/#jellyfin-dev-client) - [webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/#jellyfin-dev-client)
- [#jellyfin-dev-android](ircs://chat.freenode.net:6697/#jellyfin-dev-android) - [webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/#jellyfin-dev-android)
- [#jellyfin-offtopic](ircs://chat.freenode.net:6697/#jellyfin-offtopic) - [webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/#jellyfin-offtopic)

## Discord (Beta)

> For convenience, we have a Discord server that is bridged to the chats above. Note that **Matrix** is still the preferred chat platforms, and some Discord messages may be missed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, we have a Discord server that is bridged to the chats above. Note that **Matrix** is still the preferred chat platform, and Discord messages may be missed due to bridge instability.
```
